MLFlow project trainer docs (#102)
odahu/odahu-docs: source/ref_trainings.rst

    mlflow.log_artifact('head_input.pkl', 'model')
    train_y.head().to_pickle('head_output.pkl')
    mlflow.log_artifact('head_output.pkl', 'model')

********************************************
MLFlow Project toolchain
********************************************

MLFlow Project toolchain is a lightweight version of :ref:`MLFlow toolchain`.

> The main difference is that MLFlow Project toolchain does not require user stores models using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main difference is that MLFlow Project toolchain does not require user to store models using
```

`MLFlow Tracking API <https://www.mlflow.org/docs/latest/tracking.html>`_
and therefore does not require models stored in MLFlow format as a resulted artifact.

Instead, MLFlow Project toolchain relies only on
`MLFlow Project functionality <https://www.mlflow.org/docs/latest/projects.html>`_  to run training script

> and manage dependencies. User can store result artifacts in any format as he wishes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and manage dependencies. User can store result artifacts in any format as they wish.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest totally remove `as he wish` and leave it as `User can store result artifacts in any format`. BTW: what does `any format` means? Maybe we should count them?

Author: There is no specific set of formats. Just any files

Installation
------------

Installation of MLFlow Project toolchain is identical to :ref:`MLFlow installation<MLFlow toolchain Installation>`

MLProject file
--------------

MLFlow Project toolchain runs training script using MLProject specification. Please refer to
:ref:`previous section<MLProject description>`
or `official MLFlow documentation <https://www.mlflow.org/docs/latest/projects.html#mlproject-file>`_
to learn more about MLProject file.

Storing training artifacts
-----------------------------

You can store any artifacts during script execution in a special directory. To get a path to output directory read value
of ``$ODAHUFLOW_OUTPUT_DIR`` environment variable.

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: Example
    :linenos:

    output_dir = os.environ.get("ODAHUFLOW_OUTPUT_DIR")

    train_x.head().to_pickle(os.path.join(output_dir, 'head_input.pkl'))

> Additionally to manual stored artifacts all content from ``$WORK_DIR/data`` folder will be automatically copied to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, to manually store artifacts all content from ``$WORK_DIR/data`` folder will be automatically copied to
```

``$ODAHUFLOW_OUTPUT_DIR``, where ``$WORK_DIR`` is a :ref:`workDir parameter<Training API>` value
from training spec.

> You can use this feature if you have some artifacts that can be defined statically before script execution. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this feature if you have some file(s) that are required by further steps and can be defined statically before script execution. For example,
```
